How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    

Faster debug



How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    

Finding bugs

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

 

Pros allow you to keep track of changes made.  Googledocs is more facile   

Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

In code you would have multiple objects potentially and dependent scripts.  They likely need to play nicely together.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    

Fill in your answer here



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    

If you can branch you can protect yourself and stage more effectively.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    

Code in production monitoring and understanding.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Figuring out the evolution of code and where a potential error might have occurred.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

You can save stuff when it matters at a logical operation

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

GIT is for software and software has dependencies and different file types.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

by typing git log you can display commits
by typing git diff you can see net differences in code

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Because now you can track where shit got f-ed up.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Coding!